大家好，我是麥克，目前在一家外商擔任行銷副總監。上周和大家享了如何快速撰寫有品質的英文履歷，今天和大家講講Cover letter (求職信)的常見問題。 文末直接分享麥克多年前的cover letter給大家參考，如果覺得有幫助，歡迎分享給其他同學及好友。

Cover letter FAQ

問：Cover letter重要嗎？
答：重要也不重要

#越資深的職缺越不需要
#如果履歷資歷夠漂亮不需要

問：Cover letter有用嗎？
答：不一定，但依然要好好寫，寫不好，反而會扣分

問: Cover letter目的? 
答：1. 展現對於職位的熱情、興趣
        2. 展現英文寫作能力
        3. 突顯自己的競爭力
        4. 説明爲何應徵、自己爲什麽適合

問: Cover letter寫多少？
答：盡量精簡，不要超過一頁。HR每天会收到大量郵件，cover letter太長不一定會被閲讀，只要能吸引對方點開你的履歷就夠了。（建議300字左右即可）

問: Cover letter怎麽寫？
答：基本上只需以下内容：
第一段：開場，説明來信目的，申請的職位。
中間段落 ：推銷自己，説明爲什麽你認爲自己適合這份工作。
最后一段 ：結尾，再次表達對職缺的興趣，感謝HR並期待接到對方消息。

問: Cover letter常犯錯誤？
答: 同cover letter申請所有職位
Cover letter應有針對性，針對職缺所需特質強調自己的能力優勢
無論寫什麼，一定要仔細檢查。避免打錯字、寫錯公司名稱、文法錯誤等

佛心分享：麥克N年前的cover letter

Dear <Mr./Ms. Last Name>,

I am writing to express my interest in applying for the <position name> position at <company name>, which I learned from the company website. With my academic background coupled with previous work experience, I believe that I am a qualified candidate by having demonstrated the following attributes.
 
Committed to learning, diligent work ethic - I am always interested in learning new things, and have always undertaken my studies in a responsible manner. I majored in Finance at the University of  ABC. Two years of financial training equipped me with the ability to think logically and analytically. After graduation and gaining some work experience, I applied to study in the MBA program at ABC University. During my time studying in the MBA program, I received three scholarships, which I attribute to my diligent work ethic.
 
Effective communication and leadership skills – I’ve had the privilege of studying in some of the top schools in four different countries. Having lived in so many different places developed my ability to quickly adapt to different environments, and communicate with all kinds of people. Throughout my school years, I have led and participated in various extra-curricular activities. Those experiences have been valuable in helping cultivate my interpersonal and leadership skills.
 
I would welcome the opportunity to discuss my experience in further detail with you. My resume, along with my contact information, is enclosed. Thank you in advance for your consideration, and I very much look forward to hearing from you.

Sincerely,
Coach Mike


由於時常被朋友、學弟妹請教面試、履歷等相關問題，近期開了一個IG賬號(@mikecareer)分享外商求職面試、行銷、英文口説寫作等相關内容，歡迎有興趣往外商發展的人追蹤分享。
