【工作職缺】 客服人員
【徵求條件】 1.英文+日文 2.英文+韓文，口語需流暢，寫作回覆信件需佳，無經驗可
【薪資待遇】NT$45K 至 NT$65K
【連絡方式】recruitment.taipei@gmail.com
【工作地點】台北市中山區
【工作時間】週一至週日輪班制，每日工作八小時，中午休息一小時，準時上下班
【公司福利】依照勞基法、團保、免費咖啡、每月慶生、每月活動、年中年末派對等 【其他備註】
We are a global business with local language websites in over 150 countries. You will be joining a technology company which constantly looks at process improvement and to build, shape and deliver excellent customer service through constantly reinventing and innovating the service that we provide.

You will get the chance to work in a multi-national environment with colleagues from over 20 countries.

The Customer Service Representative role offers a unique opportunity to take on customer-facing responsibilities that directly impact our success. The role will involve providing first class service to our customers and assisting with key operational tasks. This is a fantastic opportunity to work and learn about live events globally e.g. sports, concerts and theatre.

There are plenty of opportunities for progression through the company - we are more than just a contact centre as there are operational teams across many functions located in Taipei supporting development and career progression for the right candidate. You will be rewarded for hard work and this recognition is based on performance and results.

What we offer:

We are proud of our multicultural and vibrant culture, innovative offices, and newest technologies used. You can be a part of this exciting environment and show your talents. Once part of the team, you will have access to our wide benefits package:

Competitive starting salary
Group Medical Insurance
Attractive annual leave entitlements
Continuous training & support
Career progression opportunity
Employee Engagement activities (e.g. birthday celebrations, weekly activities, seasonal parties)
Work Abroad Scheme (e.g. North America, Africa, Europe)
Free coffee
Casual dress code

Key Responsibilities:

Customer Service – provide e-mail and phone support to our customers to the required standard which ensures a good balance between productivity and quality

Ability to liaise with other departments as necessary
Identify process improvement opportunities and raise through the appropriate forum
Support customers directly on the ground at major events around the world
Any other tasks as required
 

Skills and Attributes:
Outstanding written and oral communication in English and Japanese/Korean
Team player
Takes ownership
Organised and reliable with attention to detail
Excellent multi-tasking skills
Work well under pressure
Hungry to take on responsibility and a willingness to do adhere to strict deadlines
A sense of humour and positive, “make-it-work” attitude
Must be comfortable with standard MS Office software (Outlook, Word) and quick to understand new software tools

Experience & working hours:
No working experience limited, 1 – 2 years of professional experience is preferred
Must be willing to work shifts during evenings and weekends