我不知道該發在語言版還是工作版
所以先在工作版發看看

我下禮拜要去一個英文面試
但是我英文不是很流利
所以想先準備幾個常見的問題把他背下來

1️⃣Tell me about yourself. 請你自我介紹。
I am a fresh graduate, but I had some work expirence when I was a student. I am major in economic. I like to plan everything in my head, and do things after thinking repeatly.
⏺What are your strengths?
I like to do things in a methodical way, I can stand with long working time, I think I’m a peaceful, honest, easy-going man. I’d like to learn,even it took all my time. So I can fit in work and enviorment well.
⏺What are your weaknesses?
When I into a new group of people, I will feel quiet shy to talk to others,but it will be fine after some short conversation

2️⃣Why did you leave your previous company? 你離開上一個公司的理由為何？
After complete military service, I have been a cram school teacher for 4 months. But it’s a part-time job, it can’t burden my family responsibility, so I talk to my ex-boss I have to quit.

3️⃣What do you know about our company? 你對於我們公司瞭解有多少？
The company comprises officers from the police force, military and public service entities. AETOS' armed and unarmed officers can be seen securing Singapore's airports, ports, key and strategic installations, as well as regional and local businesses and events. They are also the key security service provider for events
 
4️⃣Would you please explain more about this job? 請您多說明一下這份工作的內容？
Check credentials at airport, make sure the area’s safety, and control huge gatherings .

5️⃣What goals do you have in your career? 你的職涯目標是什麼？
I want to enrich my inner during work in Singapore ,know some I never know in there ,Improve my english skill ,and be a muscle man to be more fit for work. Most of all, enjoy my lifetime of work in Singapore.

6️⃣Why should I hire you? 為什麼我們應該雇用你？
I think I would be the candidate as I have capable of adapting quickly to a new environment and working well with a team.

7️⃣When will you be available to start? 你什麼時候可以開始上班？
If the work is determined, let me prepare lagguage for a week. I can work after that

8️⃣Please provide the reason why you want to go to Singapore for work.
Singapore ranks second as the most globalized economy in the world,low crime rates and zero corruption.I want to be more forward-looking and stronger in Singapore. Work in a highly developed country and improve my English ability.

大家覺得我的回答哪邊有問題
文法錯或講法看起來英文很爛
或回答的不夠周延
都麻煩大家糾正我

有什麼很可能會問的要先背起來比較好的也可以跟我說